This dataset contains 5000 records of features extracted from Network Port Statistics to protect modern-day computer networks from cyber attacks and are thereby classified into 5 classes

Switch ID - The switch through which the network flow passed
Port Number - The switch port through which the flow passed
Received Packets - Number of packets received by the port
Received Bytes - Number of bytes received by the port
Sent Bytes - Number of bytes sent by the port
Sent Packets - Number of packets sent by the port
Port alive Duration (S) - The time port has been alive in seconds
Packets Rx Dropped - Number of packets dropped by the receiver
Packets Tx Dropped - Number of packets dropped by the sender
Packets Rx Errors - Number of transmit errors
Delta Received Packets - Number of packets received by the port
Delta Received Bytes - Number of bytes received by the port
Delta Sent Bytes - Number of bytes sent by the port
Delta Sent Packets - Number of packets sent by the port
Delta Port alive Duration (S) - The time port has been alive in seconds
Delta Packets Rx Dropped - Number of packets dropped by the receiver
Delta Packets Tx Dropped - Number of packets dropped by the sender
Delta Packets Rx Errors - Number of receive errors
Delta Packets Tx Errors - Number of transmit errors
Connection Point - Network connection point expressed as a pair of the network element identifier and port number.
Total Load/Rate - Obtain the current observed total load/rate (in bytes/s) on a link.
Total Load/Latest - Obtain the latest total load bytes counter viewed on that link.
Load/Rate - Obtain the current observed unknown-sized load/rate (in bytes/s) on a link.
Unknown Load/Latest - Obtain the latest unknown-sized load bytes counter viewed on that link.
Latest bytes counter - Latest bytes counted in the switch port
Checkis_valid - Indicates whether this load was built on valid values.
vpn_keyTable ID - Returns the Table ID values.
Active Flow Entries - Returns the number of active flow entries in this table.
Packets Looked Up - Returns the number of packets looked up in the table.
Packets Matched - Returns the number of packets that successfully matched in the table.
Max Size - Returns the maximum size of this table.
Label - Label types for intrusions - Normal:0,Blackhole:1,TCP-SYN:2,PortScan:3,Diversion:4,Overflow:5